Sir, listen to my explanation
It's all because he forced me
They made me do it.
You're talking nonsense. You invited the three of us.
You also said that your stunt of fame is Sanqiguidong
That's enough!
There is also an uncle Feng Jing who brought him too
I'm afraid that kid is dead now
Gravel got into him
And the two of them probably won't live for a while
Dad?
What's the matter, dad kicked them out
What are you doing?
I'm trying to get married.
I was wrong about you.
I misunderstood you.
Almost pissed into a disaster
You have the ability
Can't talk about cooperative business?
From today onwards
My business is tied to you
What you say in the future is what you say
That's what my grandfather meant too
bridge
From now on, you will be the number one in the world
I don't care about that right now
I only care about one thing
So what's up?
That is.
When can I go on a date with my teacher Feng?
Hahahaha